Slide 2: I like the partition into schema, adapter and store. Are the next three bulletpoints examples of these? Or are they things that go in between? Also, my first impression is that Schema v2.7.0 is actually a store, because it is talking about a JSON output, which is confusing.

Slide 3: Now it looks like the Schema v2.7.0 is something that is composed of Pydantic modules. I think the relation between these should be established as soon as possible and not split on two slides. The bulletpoint "integrations/ - copy into your project" is difficult to interpret. I don't understand it at all, besides the part where there is presumably a folder called integrations somewhere.

Slide 4: The word contract is used (also on the previous slide), but I don't know what this means. On the bottom part, we are talking about NDJSON, whereas previously its just JSON. Is this a design choice or just inconsistent input/output formats?

Slide 5: "pip install . " is a command that only works if you are in the folder of the package you have manually downloaded and want to install. Presumably you would want to have the package reachable under a name, for instance "pip install qpubench"

Slides 6 to 14: This is a very heavy info dump. I have a hard time getting the "take home message" from any of this. Part of it is just listing things, and part of it is trying to explain science/coding results. I think this would be better when separated.

Slides 15 to 22: Also very heavy info. I would want to separate "what can you do" from "how can you do it" more clearly. Perhaps even have it where you have one slide saying "here is a problem that we can solve" then the next slide showing an example of it being solved. For example, slide 22 just has a big chunk of code which has no explanation. Slide 15 advertises ErrorMitigationAdapter as a tool to incorporate error mitigation, but is not demonstrated in the next slides, which instead talk about something called an ErrorMitigationStrategy enum. I also do not know what enum means.

Slides 30-33 talk about Kubeflow. Maybe a diagram or little intro explaining how Kubeflow fits in to the bigger picture would help people who never encountered kubeflow (but may want to use it)

Overall the whole thing has extremely many bits and pieces. I think slides are less valuable for showing all these things (its easier to look at in the form of a github repo rather than in the form of slides and tables). The value that the slides could provide is to guide a person on how to navigate this complicated package. I like the qrunch example at the end, could even have more elaboration, as it seems like a good example of the package being used as a whole.
